Feature/dx 956 redirect swish (#411)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-resource.md

{% when "swish" %}

{:.table .table-striped}
| Operation              | Description                                                                                                                        |
|:-----------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `update-payment-abort` | `abort`s the payment order before any financial transactions are performed.                                                        |
| `create-sale`          | Creates a `sales` transaction without redirection to a payment page.                                                               |
| `redirect-sale`        | Contains the redirect-URI that redirects the consumer to a Swedbank Pay hosted payment page prior to creating a sales transaction. |

> | `view-sales`            | Contains the URI of the JavaScript used to create a Hosted View iframe directly for the `sale` transaction twithout redirecting the consumer to separate payment page.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `view-sales`            | Contains the URI of the JavaScript used to create a Seamless View iframe directly for the `sale` transaction without redirecting the consumer to a separate payment page.   |
```
